=head1 NAME

ffmpeg-resampler - FFmpeg Resampler

=head1 DESCRIPTION


The FFmpeg resampler provides an high-level interface to the
libswresample library audio resampling utilities. In particular it
allows to perform audio resampling, audio channel layout rematrixing,
and convert audio format and packing layout.



=head1 RESAMPLER OPTIONS


The audio resampler supports the following named options.

Options may be set by specifying -I<option> I<value> in the
FFmpeg tools, I<option>=I<value> for the aresample filter,
by setting the value explicitly in the
C<SwrContext> options or using the F<libavutil/opt.h> API for
programmatic use.


=over 4



=item B<ich, in_channel_count>

Set the number of input channels. Default value is 0. Setting this
value is not mandatory if the corresponding channel layout
B<in_channel_layout> is set.


=item B<och, out_channel_count>

Set the number of output channels. Default value is 0. Setting this
value is not mandatory if the corresponding channel layout
B<out_channel_layout> is set.


=item B<uch, used_channel_count>

Set the number of used channels. Default value is 0. This option is
only used for special remapping.


=item B<isr, in_sample_rate>

Set the input sample rate. Default value is 0.


=item B<osr, out_sample_rate>

Set the output sample rate. Default value is 0.


=item B<isf, in_sample_fmt>

Specify the input sample format. It is set by default to C<none>.


=item B<osf, out_sample_fmt>

Specify the output sample format. It is set by default to C<none>.


=item B<tsf, internal_sample_fmt>

Set the internal sample format. Default value is C<none>.


=item B<icl, in_channel_layout>

Set the input channel layout.


=item B<ocl, out_channel_layout>

Set the output channel layout.


=item B<clev, center_mix_level>

Set center mix level. It is a value expressed in deciBel, and must be
inclusively included between -32 and +32.


=item B<slev, surround_mix_level>

Set surround mix level. It is a value expressed in deciBel, and must
be inclusively included between -32 and +32.


=item B<lfe_mix_evel>

Set LFE mix level.


=item B<rmvol, rematrix_volume>

Set rematrix volume. Default value is 1.0.


=item B<flags, swr_flags>

Set flags used by the converter. Default value is 0.

It supports the following individual flags:

=over 4


=item B<res>

force resampling

=back



=item B<dither_scale>

Set the dither scale. Default value is 1.


=item B<dither_method>

Set dither method. Default value is 0.

Supported values:

=over 4


=item B<rectangular>

select rectangular dither

=item B<triangular>

select triangular dither

=item B<triangular_hp>

select triangular dither with high pass

=back



=item B<filter_size>

Set resampling filter size, default value is 16.


=item B<phase_shift>

Set resampling phase shift, default value is 10, must be included
between 0 and 30.


=item B<linear_interp>

Use Linear Interpolation if set to 1, default value is 0.


=item B<cutoff>

Set cutoff frequency ratio. Must be a float value between 0 and 1,
default value is 0.8.


=item B<min_comp>

Set minimum difference between timestamps and audio data (in seconds)
below which no timestamp compensation of either kind is applied.
Default value is C<FLT_MAX>.


=item B<min_hard_comp>

Set minimum difference between timestamps and audio data (in seconds)
to trigger padding/trimming the data. Must be a non-negative double,
default value is 0.1.


=item B<comp_duration>

Set duration (in seconds) over which data is stretched/squeezed to
make it match the timestamps. Must be a non-negative double float
value, default value is 1.0.


=item B<max_soft_comp>

Set maximum factor by which data is stretched/squeezed to make it
match the timestamps. Must be a non-negative double float value,
default value is 0.


=item B<matrix_encoding>

Select matrixed stereo encoding.

It accepts the following values:

=over 4


=item B<none>

select none

=item B<dolby>

select Dolby

=item B<dplii>

select Dolby Pro Logic II

=back


Default value is C<none>.


=item B<filter_type>

Select resampling filter type. This only affects resampling
operations.

It accepts the following values:

=over 4


=item B<cubic>

select cubic

=item B<blackman_nuttall>

select Blackman Nuttall Windowed Sinc

=item B<kaiser>

select Kaiser Windowed Sinc

=back



=item B<kaiser_beta>

Set Kaiser Window Beta value. Must be an integer included between 2
and 16, default value is 9.


=back




=head1 SEE ALSO



ffmpeg(1), ffplay(1), ffprobe(1), ffserver(1), libswresample(3)


=head1 AUTHORS


The FFmpeg developers.

For details about the authorship, see the Git history of the project
(git://source.ffmpeg.org/ffmpeg), e.g. by typing the command
B<git log> in the FFmpeg source directory, or browsing the
online repository at E<lt>B<http://source.ffmpeg.org>E<gt>.

Maintainers for the specific components are listed in the file
F<MAINTAINERS> in the source code tree.



